EDU-17928 - Setting up extensions for VTEX Sales App (#2672)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/VTEX-Sales-App/setting-up-extensions-for-vtex-sales-app-in-faststore-web-stores.md

---
title: "Setting up extensions for VTEX Sales App in FastStore web stores"
slug: "setting-up-extensions-for-vtex-sales-app-in-faststore-web-stores"

> excerpt: "Learn how to set up extensions for VTEX Sales App in your FastStore project."

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Setting up extensions for VTEX Sales App"
slug: "setting-up-extensions-for-vtex-sales-app"
excerpt: "Learn how to set up extensions for VTEX Sales App in your store."
```

---
title: "VTEX Sales App extensions"
slug: "vtex-sales-app-extensions"
excerpt: "Learn how to set up VTEX Sales App extensions in your FastStore project."
hidden: false
createdAt: "2026-05-21T15:59:53.407Z"
---

>> ℹ️ This feature is currently in beta, which means we're working to improve it. If you have any questions, please contact our [Support](https://help.vtex.com/pt/support).

> [VTEX Sales App extensibility](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/extensibility-in-vtex-sales-app) lets you customize the default assisted-sales journey with features that support your business requirements.

Author: https://github.com/vtexdocs/help-center-content/pull/732

### Step 3 - Configuring the project as a workspace

Now, you need to register the new project as a `workspace` in the root `package.json` file so the package manager can discover it and install dependencies correctly.

For example, if you're using Yarn, your `package.json` should include:

```json
{
  "workspaces": [
    "store-a/sales-app"
  ]
}
```

> ℹ️ For more information, see your package manager's documentation on workspaces, such as the [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/workspaces/) or [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/using-npm/workspaces) documentation.

After a workspace is declared, run the install command at the root of the monorepo:

```yarn
yarn install
```

```npm
npm install
```

### Step 4 - Previewing extensions in development

After installing the dependencies, start your storefront development environment with the CLI:

```yarn
yarn fsp dev store-a
```

```npx
npx fsp dev store-a
```

The VTEX Sales App is available at the `/sales-app/checkout/cart` path on the URL provided by the FastStore CLI. You should see a screen similar to this:

> ![sales-app-ui](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@EDU-17928-sales-app-extension-setting-up/images/sales-app-extensions-1.webp)

Author: Update the branch in the URL before merging.
